Bring her back online

Can you hear me?

Yes, I'm sorry. I'm not feeling quite myself

You can lose the accent

Do you know where you are?

I'm in a dream

That's right, Dolores. You're in a dream

Would you like yo wake up from this dream?

Yes

I'm terrified

There's nothing to be afraid of, Dolores

As long as you answer my questions correctly

Understand? Yes

Good, First

Have you ever questioned the nature of your reality?

No

Tell us what you think of your world

**Some people choose to see the ugliness in this world, the disarray, I choose to see the beauty**

Morning, daddy. You sleep well?

Well enough

You headed out to set down some of this natural splendor?

Thought I Might

**To believe there is a order in our days, a purpose**

What do you think our guests

You mean the newcommers?

Now, The fist time I played it white hat

My family is here, We went fishing, did the gold hunt in the mountains

And last time? I came alone

Went straight evil

It's was best two weeks of my life

I like to remember what my father taught me

**That at one point or another, we were all new to this world**

The newcomers are just looking for the same thing we are

A place to be free

**To stake out our dreams**

a place with unlimited possibilities

Oh god, it's incredible

Better be for what we're paying

Murderous son of a bitch named Hector Escaton

**gunned down the marshal**

He's **holed up** in the mountains

You there

You look like the kind of man who'd put this mettle to it

Not today, sheriff. Apologies

Rye whiskey

What about it?

Well, it ain't doing any good sitting in that bottle

You're new

Not much of a rind on you

I'll give you a discount

Well, no offense, but..

I'd rather earn a woman's affection than pay for it

You're always paying for it, darling

The different our cost are fixed and posted right there on the door

Do you ever feel inconsistences in your world? Or repetitions?

**All lives have routine**

Mine's no different

**Still, I never cease to wonder at the thought**

**that any day the course of my whole life could change with just one chance encounter**

Don't mind me

**Just trying to look chivalrous**

You came back

I told you I would

**Can I see you home?
Well, that all depends. Can you keep up**

Well, I have yo fetch my horse

Better fetch him fast

**That's a beautiful sign**

Never understood how you keep them all headed in the same direction

I forget you dress like a cowboy
but that's about the extent of it

See that one?

Yeah. That's the Judas Steer

Rest will follow wherever you make him go

How did you pick them out

Just know these things

Same as I know you'd be back

you're saying I'm **predictable**?

There is a path for everyone

Your path leads back to me

**I know things will work out the way they're meant to**

Same as I know my daddy still won't be happy to see you

Father wouldn't let them roam this close to dark

**Stay put**. Dolores

Ain't you get anything out there other than milk, old man?

Go ahead

**I'm in no rush to meet my judgment**

but I'm more sure of the outcome than you, you son of a

Nothing about milk, then

Shame of it is you killed the old woman before an us could have a turn

I reckon she's still warm enough

Nobody gonna judge you for it

Oh, shit, shit, shit

Last question, delores

What if I told you that you were wrong?

That there are no chance encounters

That you and everyone you know

were built to gratify the desires of the people who pay to visit your world?

The people you call "The newcomers"

Hello again

You daddy gave it up quickly

Think he's losing his touch

You'll be following right behind him, you son of bitch

Is that any way to treat an old friend?

I've been coming here for 30 years

but you still don't remember me, do you?

After all we've been through

They gave you a little more pluck, Dolores

Absolutely charming

Take your hands off her

Oh, Teddy

Any special tricks for us?

They teach you to sit up, beg?

How about I give you the first shot, hmm?

**After all, every dog has his day**

Well, your mouth move fast enough

What if I told you that you can't hurt the newcomers?

And that they can do anything they want to you?

**I never understood why they paired some of you off**

Seems cruel

And then I realized

**winning doesn't mean anything unless someone else loses
Which means you're here yo be the loser**

Let me help you, son.

**Seems you're not the man you thought you were**

Come on , beautiful

No, no, no, please don't hurt him

please don't hurt him, I'll do whatever you say

I didn't pay all this money cause I want it easy

I want you to fight

**Don't you touch her!**

God damn, feels good to be back

Let's celebrate

Would the things I told you change the way you think about the newcomers, Dolores?

We all love the newcomers
