bring your self back on line dores

do you know where you are
I'm in a dream
no, you are in our world

look like the stars
have you see  anything so full splendor

you did get used to it

she is not ready

as you wish, I'm going with another girl
I'll show you something

what is this place

have be fortune it

look

you live here?
I and my wife lived in the park

which one or another

this is for my son charlie

tell me a lot about charlie, I'd like to meet with him someday

you and charlie are quite common, possibilty, may be they don't have enough courage

looks like the stars scattered across around the ground

have you see anything so full of splendor

god damm, we are going to 30 hours

there is some kind of trouble out there?

I used to see the beauty of the world, and now I see the truth

you thought you can do what you want to do with us, you thought no one can judge you

but I'm the one is here to judge what they want to you

you have no idea what you're up against

what's really out there

I know exactally what're there in your world

They said they'd never seen one on the ceiling ,.... what're you fuck 

How you boring right now? I believe

Interuption I'll show you? airport protection, If I decide to invest
assuming you can changing your father's mind

so it's a private 
you're very
this is a private demostration
It's alright again, so you can pick them out

painfully human, no way
come on, you are simply no funcking way

you're been my social design, you want my full

welcome to westworld

we're not here yet

all our hosts are here, for you

show him the history

teddy, it's time to open your eyes

why I can't remember this? because they don't want you to?

what the hell it's

just for fun?

we should talk about this boys?

watch a show? with the park, you're a profession, start to little brown here?

my brother was a long maintainer, and the ants will eat a man from inside out

I reckon they will start from your little brow here

this freind is yours?

It's hard to tell, give him attention you know

I , I don't have time to , mother fuck

get the gun, haha

he was dead,

what is here? two wiskins , I'm get the 

I give every choice

my model soal, that why you will

judgement, we had something else, I never said, find my way back, three days write

we did a army to break through

this game will fire me, how many you will come to us

vally, eight hundred man delores

we belly have fifty, we need alias

you really know you are guarding you

you are right one thing, william, I'd look the books

the whole thing is fooly

I'm not intresting the future, I'm intrested the reality

that's not the business

the guest, nobody is judging, people, who really are

not anymore

talk to me , I'm listening

I'll send .. to find rest of them

I'll remember you, or death you are now

bast of luck, there is a war out there

that's because you finally afraid

do you feel afraid?

that's a way to trait our guest

you have to forgive my man, they are a little upset

pretend deliwi

he was lost, now he want to went back

and in return , what's you want

partenerm we want joined forces

we don't need welcome ?
you got supplier,go fetch you better, I'm afraid there is no one to fetch
you have to talk to me

why will I do that

you bound for glory

what the fuck you think about to glory

I know you never make them unless you under my command

it's your final your decision

why don't we like

you are right, sorry to kill you

meet my mind

you are beautiful, amily come here please

you seat here to
